[NARRATOR] Last time
on Dragon Ball Z Kai,
Chiaotzu gave his life
to stop the Saiyans...
[TIEN]
Tri-Beam... Ha...!
You... bastard...
[NARRATOR] Then,
despite his best efforts,
Tien was the next to fall.
But before the
massacre could continue,
Vegeta called a three-hour
halt to the action.
The wait for
Goku begins--now!
♪ Opening Song ♪
I'm sick
of standing here--
why do we have to
wait for Kakarot?
Because...
As a traitor to the Saiyan
race he gets special treatment.
[VEGETA] You and
I are going to savor
doling out punishment
on that fugitive...
By making him watch his
friends and loved ones die...
Right in front of him.
[VEGETA] And that'll
be just to offer a taste
of what's to come...
Because he'll follow their
lead--only much slower.
[VEGETA] He'll
remember what it means
to be a Saiyan as
he writhes in agony--
[chuckles]
Surely three hours
isn't too long to wait
for that kind of entertainment.
[NAPPA] Oh-ho, I get
what you're goin' for...!
This'll be awesome!
[VEGETA] That's of course
assuming he's brave enough
to show his face in
the next three hours...
[NAPPA] If he does,
how 'bout this:
you take Kakarot
and I'll sink my teeth
into those three!
[VEGETA] Suit
yourself, but first...
[VEGETA] Get the Namekian
to tell what he knows
about the Dragon Balls...
Then kill him.
[NAPPA] This is gonna
be one hell of a party!
[KRILLIN]
Hey, uhh...
why don't we just
get outta here
while we still
have the chance...?
We can't beat them...
I say live to
fight another day!
[PICCOLO] You imbecile...
Don't you get it?
There won't be
another day for us--
or anyone else--to
fight these monsters...
These freaks intend to
eradicate all of humanity.
[KRILLIN] Agh...!
This is bad...!
Come on, Goku...
Get here...!
You have to show
these two monsters
how much stronger you've
gotten before it's too late!
Hurry!
[GOKU] C'mon,
c'mon, c'mon!
[KAMI] That's it...
[GOKU] Just hang
in there, guys--
I'm on my way!
[KRILLIN] Piccolo,
Goku is gonna be here
before the three hours
are up, dont'cha think?
[PICCOLO] Who knows?
[PICCOLO] Just in case,
I suggest we use this time
to figure out a way to
inflict a little damage
on them ourselves...
[GOHAN] Um,
I have an idea...
We can use this
time to train...!
You and me can spar the
way we've been doing--
[PICCOLO] I've done
what I can to train you,
and it was a
waste of time...!
Why are you even still here?
[GOHAN]
But you said...
[KRILLIN] Piccolo!
[PICCOLO]
Rise above it, boy...
What you think you need,
you already have.
[KRILLIN]
Gohan? It's okay...
You can't just leave...!
Gohan!
[explosion]
[NAPPA] Hey, now!
What's the rush, kiddo?
Don't wanna miss
all the fun, do ya?
[laughs]
[GOHAN] You're
no fun, you bully!
You're stupid
and ugly, and--
You smell!
[NAPPA] Aaaahh!
[NAPPA] I smell?
Why... you...!
It's not my fault...!
I've been cooped up in
a space pod for a year!
What d'ya expect?!
[car engine running]
[REPORTER]
All right--
we're going to
try to get as close
to the action
as we can, folks.
[REPORTER] There's
no obvious reason
for the sudden
calm, but...
Well, it looks as though
they may be taking
some sort of a break
from the combat;
to recoup I'd imagine...
[NAPPA] Whatdya say I have
some laughs with these guys...?
No point in
standin' around while
there's a perfectly good
chance to stretch my legs.
[VEGETA] Very well...
But watch yourself...
try not to get carried
away--I know how you are.
[NAPPA] Ah, c'mon.
[VEGETA] Don't argue...
We want to save
our strength, right?
[NAPPA] Yeah, okay--
I get what you mean.
Fair enough!
I'll just have to
make this a friendly
little "meet the press," then.
[REPORTER] One of
the aliens has leapt
into the air and
appears to be flying!
Where he's headed we can only
speculate at this time...
[gasps]
[REPORTER] He's
changed direction now.
Again, I hesitate
to guess...
But I think he's flying
directly toward us!
[ALL]
Ahh!!
[NAPPA]
Gyaaa! Ha ha ha!
[REPORTER]
Get us out of here!
[ONLOOKER A]
He's coming this way!
[ONLOOKER B] Quick!
Swing the camera around!
[NAPPA]
I hate the media!!!
[KING KAI]
It's taking forever!
What is his name...
"Slow-ku...?"
[monkey sounds]
[KING KAI] Yes, yes,
I know I'm a comic genius,
but this is no time
for a laugh track...
The fate of the Earth
hangs by a thread!
[KING KAI]
Come on, Goku!
[GOKU]
I see it!
[GOKU] Yes,
I'm almost there...!
[MR. POPO]
You sense him, sir?
[KAMI] Yes...
If he hurries...
He might just
make it in time.
[VEGETA] One more
hour to go...
If Kakarot decides not
to show his face here,
I'll be very disappointed.
[PICCOLO] There's no
other option for us.
At this point,
it's all or nothing.
[KAMI] Ah...!
That's it!
Goku's made it to the end!
[MR. POPO] Hurry, sir--
there's no time to lose!
[GOKU] Feet don't
fail me now!
[KING KAI] Hey, how 'bout
that--it's Goku after all!
[GOKU] Whoa...So that's
the Saiyans, huh?
I can already sense
their power from here!
[NARRATOR] And so...
three hours had passed,
and there's still no sign
of Goku on the battlefield.
[VEGETA]
Time is up.
[KRILLIN]
No!
[VEGETA] Looks like
your "mighty champion"
isn't coming to the rescue.
[NAPPA] He afraid,
or somethin'?
[VEGETA] That would be the
long and short of it, I'd say.
[GOHAN]
He's not afraid!
My dad'll be here any
minute now--you'll see!
[KRILLIN] Damn it--what the
heck is taking him so long?!
[PICCOLO] Come on...
don't do this to us, Goku.
[thud]
[NAPPA] Well all that waitin'
sure got my bloodlust up...
Too bad you three are all
I've got to take it out on.
[PICCOLO] We've got
one shot against him,
and that's assuming
things go smoothly.
[PICCOLO] We're playing
for keeps here,
so listen and listen
good... Krillin...
You're the decoy...
Do whatever it takes to draw
his attention away from me.
[PICCOLO] When the
opportunity presents itself,
I'll make a go for
the Saiyan brute's only
weak-spot: his tail.
[KRILLIN]
Right.
[PICCOLO] If I can
grab hold of it,
he won't be able to move...
Then... Gohan, that's
when you charge him
with everything you've got.
[GOHAN]
Right...
And... And I promise
I won't run away this time!
[PICCOLO]
I should hope not...
Remember, right now
the fate of the world
rests in our
hands, understood?
[PICCOLO] You've got to
believe in yourself...
Brush aside those
childish doubts
and you'll tap into a power
even greater than mine!
[GOHAN]
I can do this!
[KAMI]
You've made it!
[GOKU]
Kami!
[KAMI] Quickly,
grab on!
[GOKU]
You got it!
[KING YEMMA] Huh...
Well I never...
That... That is to
say I never would've
put money on the kid bein'
able to make it back...
[GOKU] Alright, time
to meet those Saiyans...
This is what I've
been training for!
[KAMI] Hurry now!
Make us proud!
[MR. POPO]
Best of luck, Goku!
[GOKU] Gohan! You all
better still be in one piece!
[KORIN]
Here he comes!
I can only imagine how worn
out the poor guy must feel...
[GOKU]
Hey, Korin!
[KORIN]
Hi!
[GOKU] Can you
help me out?!
[KORIN]
Of course!
How 'bout my last two
senzu beans...? Heads up!
[GOKU] You're the
best...! Thanks!
[KORIN]
No problem...
give 'em a good
thrashin' for me!
[GOKU] Alright;
one for me...
[GOKU] Yeah... That's
the stuff... Nimbus!!
[GOKU] Hey!
Long time no see!
[GOKU] We've got to get
down to the battlefield...!
That way! Keep it together,
guys ! I'm coming!
[KRILLIN] Right...
Here goes!
[KRILLIN]
Aaaaahhhh!!
[NAPPA] Ha...!
Well now...
It looks like somebody's
got some nerve!
[PICCOLO] Please
take the bait...
[KRILLIN]
Yaaahhhh!!
[PICCOLO]
Now!
[NAPPA]
You son of a...!
[PICCOLO]
Gohan!!!
[GOHAN]
Hyaaahhh!!
[NAPPA]
Heh heh heh...
Nice attempt!
[PICCOLO] That's...
impossible...!
[GOHAN]
Piccolo, no!
[NAPPA] Whoa there,
don't die on me yet.
Stick with us just a little
bit longer, alright...?
We've got some questions
about those Dragon Balls.
[KRILLIN] This...
This isn't happening...
[VEGETA]
Hahahaha!
Don't tell me that was
your big strategy...!
You think we'd be
the warriors we are
if such an obvious weakness
were left untrained?
[NAPPA] He was
your best, huh...?
What a shame...
Sure didn't take much to
make him buckle, did it?
[GOHAN] You have
to get up...!
C'mon! Shake it off!
[NAPPA] Yeah... Kid...
hate to break it to ya,
but I'm sure your buddy
there's beyond pep-talks...
You might wanna forget
about him for a moment,
because I've got
plans for you, next...
[NAPPA] Don't sell
yourself short;
you're Kakarot's son...
That, my friend, means
you've got Saiyan blood
coursin' through
those veins.
[NAPPA]
So, see...
I'm countin' on you to
give me a run for my money.
[NAPPA] Get up... No one
told ya you could die...
I'm just gettin'
warmed up here!
[NAPPA]
Hahahaha!
See...? That
wasn't so hard!
[VEGETA] Ah... someone's got
a few tricks up his sleeve...
[KRILLIN] Oh,
you like that?
Well, you're
gonna love this!
Hyuuuu-aaaaaahhhh!!!
[KRILLIN]
Kien-zan... ha!
[NAPPA] That
supposed to scare me?
[VEGETA]
Nappa...! Dodge it!
[NAPPA]
Ah!
[crash]
[VEGETA]
That imbecile...
He would've lost his head!
Has he gone blind?!
[KRILLIN]
Ugh... Damn!
[NAPPA] How...
How dare you...?!
No one cuts this face--
not unless they wanna
spend the last few minutes
of their life in total agony!
[NAPPA] Counter this,
you little eyesore!
[NAPPA] Time to
say goodnight!
[PICCOLO panting]
[NAPPA] You
scorched my back...!
How dare you?!
[VEGETA]
Hahahahaha!!
What's wrong, Nappa...?
Bite off more
than you can chew?
[PICCOLO]
Saiyan trash...
It would not be smart
to underestimate me.
[NAPPA] Don't
you tell me who
I can and can't
underestimate...!
I was gonna be nice,
since we needed
to pry the whole Dragon
Ball secret outta ya--
but you can forget
about that now...!
Cocky, green
antennae-having bastard!
[PICCOLO] Cocky? Me?
Heh. You have no idea...
[PICCOLO] What's that power...?
It's tremendous...!
And yet it's emanating
from such a great distance,
how could it possibly
be so strong...?
[GOHAN] I can feel it,
too...! That's my dad!
I just know it is!
He's finally here!
[KRILLIN] Yup...
There's no doubt about it...
Goku's coming...
[PICCOLO]
And most importantly...
Goku... will be ready.
[KING KAI] Hurry
it up, big guy!
You're almost there!
Just a bit further now!
[PICCOLO] Well it's
about damn time...!
Another minute and
we'd all be finished...
No one ever said punctuality
was Goku's strong suit...
but still, I oughtta kill
him for making us wait!
[GOHAN] He... He's real
close...! C'mon Dad!
We're over here,
Dad! Hurry up...!
I knew he would come!
[KRILLIN]
Just in time...
[VEGETA] Is it
actually possible
for you waifs to somehow
detect Kakarot's presence?
[VEGETA] Or are you
bluffing me...? We'll see.
[GOKU] Okay...
There they are...
Two big powers... two
that are even bigger...
and one small...
[GOKU] But there should
be more than five...
If this means what
I think it means then...
[GOKU] Faster,
Nimbus! Faster!
[NAPPA]
Vegeta...
[NAPPA] They just
tryin' to buy some time
or are we finally gonna
see some real action?
C'mon, let's have some
good news for a change--
I've been chompin' at
the bit all day here.
[VEGETA] I don't
know if it's Kakarot,
but something
is on the way...
Whatever it is we
should see for ourselves
in approximately
four minutes...
And if it's him,
his power level
exceeds five-thousand.
[NAPPA] Five-thousand...?!
That's... Impossible!!!
[VEGETA]
Enough...!
Play time is over--
eliminate them! Now...!
We can't risk having
all four team up on us...
They might prove
to be an issue...
I want their corpses to
be the first thing he sees!
[PICCOLO]
What?!
[GOHAN]
Ehh?
[NAPPA] But, what about
the Dragon Balls...?
I thought--
[VEGETA] The Namekian is
of no use to us anymore.
Let's just say
I have a hunch
that if we put our
green friend's home world
next on the list of
planets to conquer...
We'll get answers...
Funny; until today
I'd always assumed
the Dragon Balls were
just a fairy tale--
but if Kakarot's been
brought back to life...
We know there's more
to them than rumor...
don't we, now?
[NAPPA] Yes we do...
So... Green Guy.
You wanna be first?
[GOHAN] No,
Piccolo...! Let me...!
You just get out of
there--and I'll find a way
to keep this guy busy
while we wait for Dad!
[PICCOLO]
What?!
[GOHAN] If you die,
Kami dies, too,
and the Dragon Balls will
be completely useless...!
We cannot let
that happen!
[PICCOLO] Now what kind
of nonsense is that...?
You expect me to let
you go head-to-head
with this oaf
on your own...?
If that's what
the brat wants...
Let's go!
[PICCOLO]
Damn it!
[GOHAN]
Yaaaaggh!
Now you're through...
[PICCOLO]
No!
[NAPPA]
Die!!! Yaaaaa!
[GOHAN]
Aaaaaaa!!
[NARRATOR] Piccolo has put
his own life on the line
to shield Gohan from
Nappa's lethal blast.
But if Piccolo falls, the Dragon
Balls will cease to exist!
Will the Namekian survive?
Find out--next
Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU] Hey!
It's me, Goku...!
Do I even wanna know
what's goin' on down there?
[PICCOLO] Don't read
too much into things--
I simply refuse
to let them win!
[GOHAN]
Please don't die!
Why didn't you just
run away like I said?!
[GOKU] Those monsters
will pay for this...!
Next time, on
Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[GOHAN] Wow! My Dad's even
stronger than I thought!